
statue of Egyptian Queen Hapshetsut.jpg
Typically, my tours emphasize America's largest collection of Egyptian Art. How is this statue of Queen Hapshetsut related to the ultimate mansplainer Thutmose III?

Met Museum Fountain with coins.jpg
There is a children's story about how kids lived in the Met, surviving off the coins in the fountains.  I have a tour based on From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler

Suits of Armor at Met Museum.jpg
Is this the best present a boy ever got?  Do we give gifts for our own reasons?

Van Gough Self Portrait at Met Museum.jpg
Self Portrait with a Hat.  Why did he do so many self portraits?  How is this like the Met's Rembrandt self portrait?  How is it different than Egyptian Art?

Jackson Pollack at Met Museum.jpg
Jackson Pollack's Autumn Rythm which brings to mind Louis Armstrong, Bebop Jazz, the end of World War II's horror, the existential threat of the atomic age, the rise and fall of great powers, and how the CIA promoted this art!

Met Museum at Night.jpg 
Let's take a night tour!

Christmas at Met Museum 1.jpg
Christmas at Met Museum 2.jpg
A great holiday tradition, in the museum's oldest wing 

Greek art at the Met.jpg
Do you prefer color to faded stonework?

American Wing at the Met Museum.jpg
Nearly everything in this room was from something demolished within 20 to 80 years! The American Wing is next to the Egyptian one. Egypt evolved slower than America, and we see art that is 5000 years old.  

Armor at the Met Museum.jpg
What are some of the stories behind some of these suits of armor?  How are they art and artistry?

Domes and Flowers.jpg
Find out about what happens behind the domes, and how and why there are always fresh flowers.

Art at the Met.jpg
It is my time and space machine. Find out why the Met is my second favorite place in the world, and why it used to be my favorite place.  OK: being anywhere with my wife is my favorite place!  The Metropolitan Museum of Art was my favorite for 25 years before that!  Since I worked there.

Met Museum Storage.jpg
What is seen, and what is stored?  The Met's unique Visible Storage study collection makes us wonder, and we connect with the past and the future. How is it that Van Gogh only sold one painting out of thousands, yet the Met Museum's collection of a few of them is worth billions of dollars?

Pompeii at Met with Jared.jpg
Pompeii Room at Met Museum.jpg
There are so many things to observe and share about this bedroom from near Pompeii, involving perspective, wealth, technology, ironies, and who paid to bring it to the Metropolitan Museum of Art.

Egyptian Art at Met Museum.jpg
How is Egyptian Art magical, transforming reality by feeding the souls of the dead? How is it related to power and politics? How does art sustain ourselves?

Sarcophagus at Met Museum.jpg
The museum's very first work, donated in 1870, and it is practically the last thing in this wing.  The blurb isn't sentimental, but it does clue us in, if you know how to read it.

Mysteries at the Met Museum.jpg
Stolen, then returned.  Speculate on the mystery.

Related Sculpture 1.jpg
Related Sculpture 2.jpg
How do these sculptures relate?

Goddess Statue at Met Museum.jpg
"How like a god"

Grand Column at Met Museum.jpg
The grandeur of the ancient world

Washington Crossing Delaware at Met Museum.jpg
Washington Crossing the Delaware.  Photo by Jared Goldstein. How did and does this painting promote democracy?

